README.md, before:

# Scrimba Projects

This repository contains various guided projects completed as part of the **Scrimba Frontend Developer Career Path**. Each project demonstrates the application of core frontend development skills, including HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.

## Projects

- [Asheville Homepage](asheville-homepage)

  - Live Demo: [click here](https://scrimba.jasony.dev/asheville-homepage/)
  - A personalized homepage for my hometown using HTML and CSS.
  - Focus: Design recreation, responsiveness, and styling.

- [Basketball Scoreboard](basketball-scoreboard)

  - Live Demo: [click here](https://scrimba.jasony.dev/basketball-scoreboard/)
  - A simple interactive scoreboard built using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
  - Focus: DOM manipulation and responsiveness.

- [Password Generator](password-generator)

  - Live Demo: [click here](https://scrimba.jasony.dev/password-generator/)
  - A JavaScript-based password generator with customizable options.
  - Focus: Event listeners, JavaScript logic, and user interaction.

Explore the individual folders to see more details about each project!

Commit message:

Update README with new project

README.md, after:

# Scrimba Projects

This repository contains various guided projects completed as part of the **Scrimba Frontend Developer Career Path**. Each project demonstrates the application of core frontend development skills, including HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.

## Projects

Click on the project name to view more details

- [Asheville Homepage](asheville-homepage)

  - Live Demo: [click here](https://scrimba.jasony.dev/asheville-homepage/)
  - A personalized homepage for my hometown using HTML and CSS.
  - Focus: Design recreation, responsiveness, and styling.

- [Basketball Scoreboard](basketball-scoreboard)

  - Live Demo: [click here](https://scrimba.jasony.dev/basketball-scoreboard/)
  - A simple interactive scoreboard built using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
  - Focus: DOM manipulation and responsiveness.

- [Password Generator](password-generator)

  - Live Demo: [click here](https://scrimba.jasony.dev/password-generator/)
  - A JavaScript-based password generator with customizable options.
  - Focus: Event listeners, JavaScript logic, and user interaction.

- [Restaurant Menu](restaurant-menu)

  - Live Demo: [click here](https://scrimba.jasony.dev/restaurant-menu/)
  - Simple restaurant menu app with filtering options using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
  - Focus: DOM manipulation, dynamic content, and more advanced JavaScript array methods.

## Thanks for visiting

Explore the individual folders to see more details about each project!
